docs(docs): 📝  Cleanup pages (#4116)
equinor/design-system: apps/design-system-docs/docs/foundation/datavisualisation.md

# Data Visualisation
A graphical presentation of information in a way that makes it easier to understand and process. It is usually interactive and allows for the user to draw their own conclusions about the data.

## Infographics

> An infographic is very similar to a data visualisation since it too is a graphical presentation of information that is presented in a way that is easy to digest and understand. Infographics are more subjective though by telling a complete and premeditated story which guides the user to a particular conclusion. Refer to the [Equinor Brand Center](../resources/resources.md#resources) for guidelines on creating infographics.

Reviewer: We can either link directly to the Brand Center or link to the Equinor references in the resources page. But having the name as `Equinor Brand Center` and the link pointing to the reference page isn't correct. Let's change that.

> An infographic is very similar to a data visualisation since it too is a graphical presentation of information that is presented in a way that is easy to digest and understand. Infographics are more subjective though by telling a complete and premeditated story which guides the user to a particular conclusion. Refer to the [Equinor Brand Center](../resources/resources.md#resources) for guidelines on creating infographics.

Author: ```suggestion
An infographic is very similar to a data visualisation since it too is a graphical presentation of information that is presented in a way that is easy to digest and understand. Infographics are more subjective though by telling a complete and premeditated story which guides the user to a particular conclusion. Refer to the [Equinor Brand Center](https://communicationtoolbox.equinor.com/point/en/equinor/) for guidelines on creating infographics.
```
